-place appropiate global/local variables in appropiate modules. for example,
W_TEMP and STATUS_TEMP are only accessed in isr.asm module, so it makes more sense
to place them there. TMR1_V_COUNT is only accessed between USART and TMR1 module,
etc.

-Configure master clear button to work on the PICDEM2 development kit (configuration word?)
The Power Control (PCON) register contains flag bits
to allow differentiation between a Power-on Reset
(POR), a Brown-out Reset (BOR), a Watchdog Reset
(WDT) and an external MCLR Reset. It seems that if POR and BOR bits = 1, then MCLR reset during normal
operation is active.
NOT_POR and _BOREN_ON. I think I have to perform an explicit write to the PCON register
in the main config section (so that the MCLR works)

-issue with disabling the interrupt flag of the USART receive
during message transfer. Although disabling the interrupt flag will of course
no longer cause an interrupt to be fired by the USART, since the RCIF flag
is checked during ISR routine, if the user sent a message during data transfer,
the RCIF_Callback subprogram will be called. This could potentially lead to issues
Of course, if we disable the USART reception completely during data transfer
then the user's commands during data transfer (for example, if in automatic mode)
will be lost and not properly received. Thus, a compromise must be made

-Update block diagram with disabling/enabling of peripherals

-program only works in debug mode (free running) and not in standard programming mode 
possible configuration word changes (CPT for example). To test, reupload the ADC tutorial.asm 
file that you know works and see if this is successfully executed by the Run, Make and Program Device
build

-To prevent the code from running after
programming, please select 'Hold in Reset'.

-LR and CR do not systematically work when using PuTTY. Although these characters \r \n are 
stored in memory, the LR does not seem to control the serial terminal window. 
A work-around is going into the PuTTY settings and checking "Implicit LR with every CR"

-update simulation source files with up to date project source files